src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Welcome to Thoth Tech!
description: Get started building your docs site with Starlight.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: One location for all Thoth Tech documentation!
  actions:
    - text: Our Products
      link: /products/products/
      icon: right-arrow
      variant: primary
    - text: FAQ
      link: /reference/faq/
      icon: right-arrow
      variant: primary
---

import { Card, LinkCard, CardGrid } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

## About Us:

<Card title="What we do">
  Thoth tech creates tools that enhance education outcomes by empowering students, connecting them
  with tutors and facilitating personalised learning experiences. Values Our values describe how we
  work, what we represent, and guide us to be the kind of company and team members we want to be.
  When we live up to these values we will: Be people-focused We expect the best from each other,
  give each other the benefit of the doubt, encourage each other to take initiative to improve
  ourselves and the company, and provide direct and constructive help to each other. We collaborate
  with kindness while being respectful of each other. Uphold sustainable excellence We create
  working, maintainable, and understandable software that is enjoyable and easy to use. 8 We strive
  to do it in a way that is sustainable for our team members and for our environment. Be inclusive
  and supportive We celebrate diverse perspectives and embrace uncomfortable ideas and
  conversations.
</Card>

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard
    title="Policies"
    description="Understand what we stand for."
    href="/policies/github-management-policy/"
  />
  <LinkCard
    title="Process"
    description="Learn how Thoth Tech functions."
    href="/processes/introduction/"
  />
  <LinkCard title="News" description="View the latest in Thoth Tech news." href="/blog/" />
  <LinkCard
    title="Leadership"
    description="Meet our team."
    href="/teams-and-leadership/leadership-t2-2023/"
  />
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

Adding changes to website template Completed by Daniel

src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Welcome to capstone documenation template
description: Get started building your docs site with Starlight.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: This site is a documenation repo for all  your company documents as well as a guide for using github, Trello and working in a capstone company.
  actions:
    - text: Getting started!!
      link: /products/products/
      icon: right-arrow
      variant: primary
    - text: FAQ
      link: /reference/faq/
      icon: right-arrow
      variant: primary
---

import { Card, LinkCard, CardGrid } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

## About Us:

<Card title="What we do">
   You should be adding a description here about your company, what it does and what kind of technology it works on. No more than a few paragraphs.
</Card>

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard
    title="Policies"
    description="Understand what we stand for."
    href="/policies/github-management-policy/"
  />
  <LinkCard
    title="Process"
    description="How can my company function?."
    href="/processes/introduction/"
  />
  <LinkCard title="News" description="Link to your Company website.." href="/blog/" />
  <LinkCard
    title="Leadership"
    description="Meet our team."
    href="/teams-and-leadership/leadership-t2-2023/"
  />
</CardGrid>
